docs: adding a note on extra text interpolations and HTML tags in translations to Ivy guide (#36029)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/ivy-compatibility.md

* ICU parsing happens at runtime, so only text, HTML tags and text bindings are allowed inside ICU cases (previously, directives were also permitted inside ICUs).

> * Translated messages should not contain text bindings or HTML tags that were not present in the source i18n message extracted from component’s template. Since translation parsing in Ivy happens at runtime, extra text bindings will trigger runtime error and extra HTML tags will be rendered as plain text.

Reviewer: Can you put this breaking change into the same format as the others? Namely:

- 1 sentence
- parenthetical suffix that explains the behavior previously

(See examples above)

> * Adding extra text bindings (that are not present in the source i18n message extracted from component's template) into translations will trigger runtime error and extra HTML tags will be rendered as plain text (previously it was possible to add extra bindings and HTML tags into translations since templates were re-compiled for each locale).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding text bindings into i18n translations that are not present in the source template itself will throw a runtime error (previously, including extra bindings in translations was permitted).
* Extra HTML tags in i18n translations that are not present in the source template itself will be rendered as plain text (previously, these tags would render as HTML).
```
